# vicoland-qa-assigment

The project contains the code assigment implementation.

The project didn't contain only the scenarios from the code assigment description.
I chose to cover all of the possible flows for testing the User basic operation endpoints (create/update/delete).

The user's post creation and assign a comment to the post it is the flow from the code assigment description.

## Test Use Cases

The test's use cases are defined in a Gherkin language using Cucumber.
These use cases are located inside the 'src/test/features' folder.

## Configuration

There is a configuration properties file inside the project.

The purpose of the file is to give an easy way to change configurable parameters used inside the tests.

The following properties are exposed in the file:
1. app_base_url - Application base url eg.https://gorest.co.in
2. oauth_token - The authentication token that is used for accessing secured endpoints. This token can be obtained from the code assigment page. I left there a token generated by me.

## Running the tests

The tests can be run from an Idea (eg. IntelJIdea) or using Maven.

1. Using IDEA there are two option:
   1. The src/test/java/org/vicoland/test/AllTest.java is the runner who triggers the all the tests. 
   2. There are separate test runners by feature: 
      1. src/test/java/org/vicoland/test/user/UserCreateTest.java
      2. src/test/java/org/vicoland/test/user/UserDeleteTest.java
      3. src/test/java/org/vicoland/test/user/UserDeleteTest.java
      4. src/test/java/org/vicoland/test/user/UserPostTest.java
2. Using Maven: It is required the call the integration-test maven phase. This phase is used by the failsafe maven plugin in order to execute the AllTest.java runner. 